It seems today that all you see
Is violence in movies and sex on TV
But where are those
good old-fashioned values
On which we used to rely?
Lucky there's a family guy
Lucky there's a man who
positively can do
All the things that make us
Laugh and cry
He's a family guy
Hey, do you think homeless people
ever have sex with each other?
Probably.
But I don't wanna think about it.
I know for a fact they do.
I spend most of my day
breaking up in-progress homeless sex.
I bet it stank.
Oh, it stank all right.
So, we're talking group stuff
or just one-on-one?
Oh, anything goes.
Whatever you can fit under a tarp.
There's a major hot spot
behind the dumpster
at The Cheesecake Factory.
Hey, what's up with the menus
at The Cheesecake Factory?
Why do they got to be so big?
Yeah, and why does their menu have ads?
I go there for dinner,
not to shop for appliances.
Hey, you know what, guys?
This right here,
this rambling boring conversation
containing already-made-before
observations,
this could be a podcast.
Ah. It's actually not a bad idea.
Really? A podcast?
Don't you have to be
some sort of whiz kid to do those?
Uh, definitely not.
Anyone with a computer can make one.
Well, that's it. We're anyone.
Let's do a podcast
from right here in the booth.
- Who's in?
- Yeah, sure.
- Let's do it!
- Is it happening?
- Are we doing it now?
- Awesome.
We haven't done anything as a group
since we went bird-watching.
Guys, look.
It's the yellow-headed puffin face.
Ooh!
It's a solitary creature.
Its feathered crown is designed
to scare away mates.
It's known to swell its face
to assert dominance when threatened.
What does it eat, Peter?
Gin and whatever is in the bowl
at the airport bar.
I said, damn, what a wild couple of days.
Anyways, 'sup with you guys?
Sorry, amigo, not interested.
This is what happens
when you lick your spilled latte
off the steering wheel.
She did that. She's gross.
Lois, are you okay?
Ugh, yeah, it's just my allergies.
They've been awful.
I can't figure out what it is.
Maybe it's Brian.
He practically sleeps on top of you.
You could be allergic to him.
Hey, here's an idea, Chris.
Why don't you mind your own business?
You know, I did read that people
could develop allergies to their pets.
Brian, maybe you shouldn't sleep
in our bedroom for a little while.
What? Well, then where
am I supposed to sleep?
How about in your own apartment
like a grown-up?
Do you have a problem with me, Chris?
Why don't you sleep in Stewie's room?
There's plenty of space.
Roomies? Dude, this'll be so ill!
- Who are you?
- I'll tell you who.
Your new roommate.
Ugh.
I'm gonna go take a shower,
so I can blow my nose into my hands.
Damn it! I hate this house.
- Morning, honey.
- Go to hell.
All right, you guys. Podcast time.
We got the equipment
and the perfect business plan.
Give our show away for free,
and tell no one how to find it.
Ready?
Hey there, the Net.
Welcome to the first episode
of Thanks for the Clammeries.
- I'm here with Glenn Quagmire.
- Hi.
Cleveland Brown.
- And...
- Hello.
-And Joe Swanson.
- Yowzaa!
All right, Quagmire, what've
you got for us?
Let's make a clammery.
Okay, this is "Yes or no."
Are you ready, Peter? Yes or no.
- French toast.
- Yes.
- French fries.
- French kissing.
- I don't know.
These questions are weird.
Okay, okay, someone else.
Cleveland, yes or no?
- Velcro shoes.
- Hmm. Velcro shoes.
Ooh-wee, that's a tough one.
I remember the first time
I saw me a pair of 'cros.
They were on the feet of Spunkytessie.
Man, they was dandies.
Every time we played touch football,
Spunky would step in a pile of dog poo.
You can wash a shoe,
but you can't really wash a lace.
That's why Spunky made the change...
That's the thing about Velcro shoes.
Quiet going on, noisy coming off.
That rip! Monkey's mama thought
he was an intruder.
Shot him right in the face.
Had an open casket at the funeral,
but only open on the middle part.
To this day,
every time I see a pile of dog doo,
I take a step in it just for Spunky.
So to answer the question,
I'm gonna have to say both yes and no.
All right,
that's all the time we got.
I'd like to thank our sponsor,
the US Postal Service.
When you want something expensive
thrown on your porch and stolen,
you want the US Postal Service.
What the hell was that?
I know. Cleveland,
you ruined the whole podcast.
Yeah, if I wanted to hear
a black guy ramble like a lunatic,
I'd watch Family Feud.
Yeah, I mean,
that was worse than an Italian guy
describing someone's sexuality.
Anyway, my brother Louie, he's a...
He's a little off to the side, you know?
Uh, foofie. Uh, up to the knuckle.
He's a... He's a backwards mechanic.
- Likes to play in the dirt.
- You mean gay?
-No!
- Mama! Marone, Peter!
Mama, Louie's not gay.
He's... He's creative.
Hey, Stewie, thanks for letting me
stay in your room.
Oh, Brian, please. It's our room now.
Hey, what are we gonna do tonight?
Maybe we should watch that movie
about Freud where Michael Fassbender
repeatedly spanks
Keira Knightley to orgasm.
- You saw that movie?
- I saw that scene.
So, I was thinking this could
be your area.
Okay, yeah. Yeah, this is great.
And, fair warning,
some of the books are pop-up.
- So don't be alarmed.
- Argh! Son of a bitch!
Freaking bird came out of nowhere.
You know, I have a good feeling
about this, Brian.
After all, you certainly can't be any
worse than the last roommate I had.
- What the...
- Please don't cry.
She's already very angry at me.
Peter, where are you?
You will wash your hands after you poop.
I won't.
You know, this is exciting.
Our second podcast.
All right, but listen up, Cleveland.
No more of your long stories, all right?
Yeah, people aren't used to boring
podcasts.
Oh, I'm sorry. I suppose
they ought to call me "jelly."
'Cause sometimes, I get on a roll.
That.
None of that.
Welcome once again
to Thanks for the Clammeries.
Okay, common question
that everybody thinks about.
How many fourth graders
you think you could take at once?
What?
I mean, obviously,
if you had to fight against
a million fourth graders, you'd lose.
So, like, what's the real number?
Like, what's the legitimate number
of fourth graders
that you could successfully take on?
Let's say 100. That sounds reasonable.
Oh, no way. One hundred and you're dead.
- Why are we fightin' now?
-'Cause they're idiots.
- Did they say something about my mother?
- What...
Yes. Okay, yeah. We'll say yes.
Oh, then a baker's dozen.
What kind of weapons?
Only what's available in the schoolyard.
You can really mess up some kids
with the chain from a swing.
Just... Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da!
I'll tell you what I'd do?
I'd back into a bathroom stall
and just start kickin'.
Dead, dead, dead! Keep comin'. Dead.
Give 'em a narrow entry point.
Make 'em come in single file.
Dead! Anyway, I guess
I'm trying to say 800 fourth graders.
Why are we talkin' about killing kids?
People are gonna hate this.
Peter, do something else quick.
Uh...
What if I play some kickass music?
You got to know when to hold her
"Kickass"? This is not kickass.
Hang on, hang on. I'll find something.
You're playing two songs at once.
What even is this?
I don't know. I'm just pressing buttons.
I gotta admit, it does have a groove.
Look, those people are even dancin' to it.
Every gambler knows
that the secret to survivin'
Oh, great. I accidentally started
Chris's birth video.
Ow! Ow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
Ow! Ow!
Help me!
Hey, what's that song you're playing?
I don't know, it's just random garbage
from my computer.
- Oh, you're a DJ. That's perfect.
I own a nightclub
for cocaine people and Armenians.
I need noise. You available?
- We're in!
- Great.
I'll see you guys Wednesday at 2:00 a.m.
What the hell was that?
We're supposed to be doing a podcast.
Peter, I don't know if you'd noticed,
but the podcast was a disaster.
Yeah, and we were looking
for something to do as a foursome.
But how can I be a DJ?
I'm just a guy with a laptop
and an inflated self-image.
Trust me, you're perfect.
All right, sounds good. Let's do this.
Okay, but hold on.
I got four quarters on Golden Tee.
How am I doin'?
Good job, Joe. A hole in one.
- He just keeps switching clubs.
Kids, time for dinner.
Where's your father?
I think he's getting ready for his DJ gig.
His what?
Hmm. Still a trace of melody.
I'll just add some power tools.
Yeah. Yeah, I'd drink
vodka and Gatorade to that.
Peter, since when are you a DJ?
Since some guy came in The Clam
and heard my awesome jams and beats.
Well, he's got the lingo down.
Thanks, Chris. Now scream!
Hey, you are good at this, Dad.
Peter, knock it off.
You're a middle-aged man.
You can't be a DJ.
Why not? I could totally be a DJ.
For God's sake, John Travolta is a pilot.
This is your captain speakin'.
We've reached our cruisin' altitude.
It is now safe
to take off your wigs and be gay.
Whoa, what's all this?
Just some stuff I got out of my
storage unit.
Check this out, you'll love this.
Do I look like a Terminator dog?
- No.
- Yeah, I do.
Look, I even brought
Tom Sizemore's Game of Life.
"Sell rights to Saving Private Ryan
residuals
"to buy a case of Coors Light."
"Steal your son's wallet
while he's in the shower."
"Miss audition."
"Scoop someone's urine
from Starbucks toilet
"to pass drug test."
Feels like we should be
moving these pieces backwards.
Okay, let's make some noise
for DJ Peter and the Sound Slap!
Giggity-giggity-giggity
giggity-giggity-giggity-giggity
Giggity-giggity
Give it to 'em.
Shut up, Meg
Peter, Peter, Peter
Road house, road house
That's nasty, that's nasty
What? Wha-wha-wha-what?
- This place is awesome.
- Totally.
Hey, did you see Tom Sizemore
in the bathroom with a ladle?
You've been playing
the exact same song for 14 hours.
That means you're great.
I was right about you guys.
Weird you turned that
into a compliment about yourself.
Well, I'm on cocaine.
My kid's baseball team
came in second place.
I don't care about that.
But listen, there's a big
music festival coming up.
You've got some mad DJ skills.
You could be our headliner.
"Electric Clam Festival"?
Yeah, it's gonna be awesome.
So, what do you say?
I don't know. I should probably check
with the guys and see what they...
What? You don't need the guys.
I didn't see their fingers
press three buttons.
Ah. I guess I do have a gift.
- So, are you in?
- Yeah, that'd be amazing.
- Can I kiss you?
- Excuse me?
I don't know. Someone gave me a pill,
and now all I want to do is feel
your jacket.
Yeah. Oh, yeah. Ah.
No, no! Stay here, stay here.
That, that. See, listen. Right there.
You can't hear that on the CD.
Only the vinyl, man.
I'm glad we hung out
after you struck out with my mom.
You know, I could have used some help
folding these fitted sheets.
- Who's this turd?
- Oh, this is Georgie.
Brian, I never said you could have guests.
Hey, don't touch that!
Okay, red flags flying.
Look, I need him out of here.
You can't kick him out, he's my friend,
and I live here too.
Not anymore! I want you out of my room.
Well, it's not your room anymore.
It's our room.
Lois said so. And I'm not leaving.
I can't believe I ever wanted you here
in the first place.
You're messy, you're loud,
and thanks to you,
we've got a recurring Flea problem.
Hey, Bri! You wanna hang out?
Go away, Flea! You're not welcome here!
And put on a shirt. You're 50!
Actually, 54.
Peter, I was plowing
this college chick last night,
and I saw this flyer on her mini-fridge.
I thought we were all in this together.
Well, yeah, that's the thing.
A guy on cocaine told me I am the talent.
So, what, you just droppin' us?
Yeah, how could you just ditch us?
All right, you know what?
You guys were riding my coattails.
I carried you as long as I could.
But Rob Kardashian
is gonna be at this thing.
So I gotta be at my best.
Now, get out of here. I gotta practice.
Damn it, Peter, that's too loud!
Turn it down!
That isn't loud. This is!
It's not loud until you can feel
your head bones.
If you can't hack it, take a hike.
Why is he being such a jerk?
I don't know. We've always had
each other's backs.
Like when we used to rob banks
in lesser-known presidents' masks.
All right, remember to tell everyone
who did this!
Um, who are you guys supposed to be?
Oh, come on. I'm James K. Polk.
He's Millard Fillmore,
he's William Henry Harrison.
First president to die in office.
You should have been FDR.
- Why?
-'Cause of the...
- You know.
- The wheelchair doesn't define me!
And I'm Grover Cleveland.
It's funny 'cause my name's Cleveland.
Oh, damn it, Cleveland.
Now we gotta kill 'em all.
This guy gets it first.
Ugh. Didn't you hear the alarm?
Peter, wake up!
We're gonna be late for church.
Are you even listening to me?
You've got to stop coming home so late
if you can't get up in the morning...
Oh, God! I can't hear Garfield!
I've gone deaf!
All right, now, how long
has your husband smelled like this?
Oh, no, that's just from riding here
in a hot car.
But, Dr. Hartman, what about his hearing?
"Hearing"?
This is a hospital, I'm not a lawyer.
Oh, for God's sake, is my husband deaf?
Well, there's only one way
to find out definitively.
Hey, stupid deaf guy!
Well, I've gotten the results back.
He's deaf.
This is horrible. This must be
because of all that loud blaring music
he's been playing in those nightclubs.
What's going on?
Can he fix it in time for me
to DJ at the music festival?
- No.
- What?
- No!
- Are you sure?
- Yes!
What?
Have a good life.
Hey, guys. I don't know
if you've heard, but I've gone deaf.
- You what?
- What?
Oh, you're ear-crippled?
I can't hear you, Joe.
Here's a bag of Alpha-Bits.
Please spell out what you're sayin'.
There's no Ls.
By the way, I ate all the Ls.
They're delicious.
They're my favorite ones.
What're you talking about?
They all taste the same.
- What?
- Why don't you just text it to him?
You know, that's a good idea.
"What the hell do you want?
"You told us you were a big-shot DJ,
"and didn't want anything to do with us."
I don't think he can hear it.
Oh, son of a bitch! Look at your phone!
Oh, what do I want?
Um, the Electric Clam Festival
is coming up and I need your help.
Now that I'm deaf,
I can't do it without you guys.
Forget it! You told us to go to hell.
Well, now, you can go to hell.
Oh, great. Thanks.
I knew I could count on you guys.
- No, we said no!
- What?
One, two, thr... Ah, crap.
One, two... Come on.
All right, this time for the world record.
Ew! What the hell is that?
It's a ferret. Look at it, Brian.
It's like a long rat.
Like a living tail. Look at its feet.
Ew, they're gross.
Why did you get a ferret?
All the worst roommates have ferrets.
You want to pet it? It bites.
I can't sleep with that monster in here.
That's the idea. I want you out.
This room belongs to me
and the ferret now.
Why are you being such a dick about this?
Because you're a pain in the ass
to live with!
What did you just do?
I just pushed a little bitch baby.
- Argh!
Brian, there you are. I wanted to tell you
that you can come back
and sleep in our room.
What? I can?
Yeah, it turns out it was Peter
who was causing my allergies.
He stuffed all our pillows with hay
because he thought
it looked comfortable in cartoons.
Well, then, I guess I'm moving out.
I guess you are.
Look, Stewie, I probably
got a little carried away.
I'm sorry I wasn't the best roommate.
Hey, Brian?
You know, maybe I wasn't
such a great guy either.
I'm sorry.
Ah, that's okay.
You know, even if we were bad roommates,
we'll always be good friends.
I hope you and your ferret
are happy in here together.
Well, now that you're moving out,
I'll probably just drown it in the tub.
- Argh!
Brian! Brian!
It bit my nose!
- He's latching on!
- Stop moving. I almost got him.
Fill the tub! Fill the tub!
Hey, Stella, can I ask you something?
When you went deaf,
did your other senses get better?
No, that's a common myth.
Chances are you'll be hit by a bus
in the first three months.
What?
Oh, damn it, being deaf sucks!
I'd rather be stuck on a Disney cruise.
- Ho-ho! Ho-ho!
Don't eat the shrimp. Ho-ho!
You know, the worst part
of all of this is I lost my friends.
I was a complete jerk to 'em.
I don't blame them
for not wanting to help me.
What?
We heard you, Peter.
Hey, Peter! We're over here.
You gotta throw something at him.
Ow! Damn it!
What are you guys doin' here?
All right, Peter. It's all queued up.
Just push this button.
Okay, here we go.
No, Peter, not that one!
Audible.com presents,
Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea.
As read by Chelsea Handler.
Peter, that's the wrong track!
Yeah, pretty good stuff, huh?
Chapter one.
Stuff I can fit in my lady place.
Up first, Eiffel Tower Lego sculpture.
Yup.
Peter, we gotta stop this.
Soup thermos. Yup.
- It's locked!
- Yeah! Awesome, huh?
Wait, how come everyone's leaving?
Brother brand all-in-one fax scanner,
color copier with phone attachment.
Yup.
Well, bad news.
'Cause of that audiobook fiasco,
I got fired from the club.
Hey, what's with your voice?
Did you get your hearing back?
Oh, yeah, turns out
it wasn't the loud music at the clubs
that made me go deaf.
It was the fistfuls of OxyContin.
Well, that stinks about your DJ job.
Sorry it didn't work out for you.
Yeah, it's okay.
I just appreciate that
you guys were there for me,
and tried to help me out.
Especially after I'd been such
a jerk to you.
Well, it's good to have you
back to normal, Peter.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'm up on Big Buck Hunter.
- I get 'em?
- Oh, yeah, you got 'em all, Joe.
We didn't even put quarters
in the game. He don't know.
Yay!
Oh, no
Giggity-giggity!
Who wants chowder?
- You're sweet
Peter, Peter, what the hell?
Shut up, Meg
Butt-scratcher! Butt-scratcher!
- Hey, Bonnie
- Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-no!
- Giggity-giggity!
- Shut up, Meg
Effin' Christ! What the deuce!
Whose leg do I have to hump
to get a dry martini around here?
Sweet!